README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1><b>Covid 19 Tracker</b></h1>
  <br/>
</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Loom Presentation Video](#loom-video)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 Covid19 Tracker <a name="about-project"></a>


["Covid19 Tracker"] :- "Covid19 Tracker" is a Project working with the real live data from the opendiseases API. the project provides report about the covid 19 from the world and it gives you the ability to filter the data by country. the project is built using react.js and redux toolkit and it is tested using jest and react testing library.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">HTML,CSS and React and Redux</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.javascript.com/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://legacy.reactjs.org/">React website</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux-toolkit.js.org/">Redux Toolkit website</a></li>

  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="">N/A</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="">N/A</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[HTML]**
- **[CSS]**
- **[Javascript]** ---> with ES6
- **[Webpack]**
- **[React]**
- **[Redux]**
- **[Jest_Test]**
- **[Redux_Toolkit]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Screenshot <a name="screenshot"></a>

[N/A]...

## 💻 Loom Presentation Video <a name="loom-video"></a>

- not available yet.

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- N/A yet. 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- A Computer (MAC or PC)
- Code editor (VSCode,Atom etc...)
- A browser (Chrome,Mozilla,Safari etc...)
- Version Control System (Git and Github)
- NodeJS (https://nodejs.org/en/)
- React {https://react.dev/}

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

cd my-folder
git clone git@github.com:saluumaa/react-capstone-project.git (SSH)

### Install

Install this project with:

- `npm init`
- `cd react-capstone-project`
- `npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x`
- `npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x`
- `npm start`

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

To check Styelint error:-

npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"

To check Eslint error:-

npx eslint .

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
Github Pages or Netlify or render as they are free to use.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Salma Ibrahim**

- GitHub: [@saluumaa](https://github.com/saluumaa)
- Twitter: [@SalmaHIbrahim20](https://twitter.com/SalmaHIbrahim20)
- LinkedIn: [@salma-ibrahim-78bb5a14a](https://www.linkedin.com/in/salma-h-ibrahim)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Enhance the UI]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/saluumaa/react-capstone-project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project rate it and give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

--> I would like to thank the Microverse team for .

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

 <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License</a>.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add live demo and presentation

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <h1><b>Covid 19 Tracker</b></h1>
  <br/>
</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Loom Presentation Video](#loom-video)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 Covid19 Tracker <a name="about-project"></a>


["Covid19 Tracker"] :- "Covid19 Tracker" is a Project working with the real live data from the opendiseases API. the project provides report about the covid 19 from the world and it gives you the ability to filter the data by country. the project is built using react.js and redux toolkit and it is tested using jest and react testing library.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">HTML,CSS and React and Redux</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.javascript.com/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://legacy.reactjs.org/">React website</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux-toolkit.js.org/">Redux Toolkit website</a></li>

  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="">N/A</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="">N/A</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[HTML]**
- **[CSS]**
- **[Javascript]** ---> with ES6
- **[Webpack]**
- **[React]**
- **[Redux]**
- **[Jest_Test]**
- **[Redux_Toolkit]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🚀 Screenshot <a name="screenshot"></a>

[N/A]...

## 💻 Loom Presentation Video <a name="loom-video"></a>

- [Live Presentation Link](https://www.loom.com/share/6475913c54aa4fd6a6ef226c0b561d5e)

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

-  [Live Demo Link](https://react-capstone-project-f7sr.onrender.com/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- A Computer (MAC or PC)
- Code editor (VSCode,Atom etc...)
- A browser (Chrome,Mozilla,Safari etc...)
- Version Control System (Git and Github)
- NodeJS (https://nodejs.org/en/)
- React {https://react.dev/}

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

cd my-folder
git clone git@github.com:saluumaa/react-capstone-project.git (SSH)

### Install

Install this project with:

- `npm init`
- `cd react-capstone-project`
- `npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x`
- `npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x`
- `npm start`

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

To check Styelint error:-

npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"

To check Eslint error:-

npx eslint .

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
Github Pages or Netlify or render as they are free to use.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Salma Ibrahim**

- GitHub: [@saluumaa](https://github.com/saluumaa)
- Twitter: [@SalmaHIbrahim20](https://twitter.com/SalmaHIbrahim20)
- LinkedIn: [@salma-h-ibrahim](https://www.linkedin.com/in/salma-h-ibrahim/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Enhance the UI]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/saluumaa/react-capstone-project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project rate it and give it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

-I would like to thank the Microverse team and everyone contributed the completion of this project 🙏.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

 <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License</a>.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
